okay hey yeah I'm sitting here editing a
video I'm trying to multitask do as much
as I can because I got a lot to do
I'm getting ready to do my heart video
but before I do my hobby I just want to
talk to you guys really quick about arm
shopping if I did the video before by my
daughter you know every every child
can't wear everything it's the way they
were built don't forget ladies they also
applied to grown ladies to us that's why
I'm do a lot of house because I
basically buy the same thing about the
same color I know what I look good and I
know what I like I know but it's not
gonna look good in me so on you when I
see me holiday me peplum tops or the
peplum dress is I'd be looking like
Rashida I mean I some again is Vegas her
she's pregnant of course but I think I
got some big old tea to me and that's
not video if you I remember years ago I
had arm some I had some lipo done and I
wasn't ready in my mind I can't no way
back not in my area that has the faster
die but I gain it back up here so I know
I can't wear no I don't look good in it
any peplum tops I don't buy those peplum
dresses I don't look good in the
high-low shirts just a lot of them I
love them but I know when I try them on
alright this to the Miko heavy stick and
I'm I'm liberating it so I don't bind
the peplum TomTom's
my favorite colors back in writing paint
but so for the instance that's me trying
to do like black and white in denim I
don't you won't see me hard in Harlan
jeans well I might work right now I'm
not running the jeans because it might
sound crazy but medical issues I can't
have anything tight around my waist
digging inside of my on my back on my
waist I'm if I grew up a size of course
when I do go up a size bigger you know
it doesn't fit me right so I you know I
look good in tight so you're gonna see a
ton of tights
that's what I look good in so don't
forget ladies when you shop fashions
everything that's out it's not for
everybody
everything anything everybody like Tina
say everything I say everybody so you
need to on try on clothes and wear your
clothes don't let your clothes wear you
now heard me wear your clothes don't let
your clothes where you just McCall
like I said y'all have to just put on
anything I don't care how cheap videos
or whatever if it don't look good in you
put it like if you look like you gain
extra weight or whatever it doesn't make
you live boxing um don't worry I mean
that's how I am I just want to share
this really quick before I throw it on
it thing I've been buying over for the
over the last couple of weeks or
whatever so yeah y'all watch this stay
tuned for the do supply store which is
empty now and stay tuned for my haul
which is coming right up